Update first-web-api.md (#12908)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/first-web-api.md

---
title: "Tutorial: Create a web API with ASP.NET Core"
author: rick-anderson

> description: Build a web API with ASP.NET Core MVC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to build a web API with ASP.NET Core.
```
